+++
title = "Exécution transparente d'applications parallèles basées en taches en utilisant Docker avec COMP Superscalar"
date = 2017-03-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list
authors = ["Victor Anton", "Cristian Ramon-Cortes", "Jorge Ejarque", "Rosa M. Badia"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "2017 25th Euromicro International Conference on Parallel, Distributed and Network-based Processing (PDP)"
publication_short = "PDP"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This paper presents a framework to easily build and execute parallel applications in container-based distributed computing platforms in a user transparent way. The proposed framework is a combination of the COMP Superscalar and Docker. We have built a prototype in order to evaluate how it performs by evaluating the overhead in the building, deployment and execution phases. We have observed an important gain compared with cloud environments during the building and deployment phases. In contrast, we have detected an extra overhead during the execution, which is mainly due to the multi-host Docker networking."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["2014-compss"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://doi.org/10.1109/PDP.2017.26"
#url_preprint = ""
#url_code = ""
#url_dataset = ""
#url_project = ""
#url_slides = ""
#url_video = ""
#url_poster = ""
#url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
#url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below
[header]
image = "publications/pdp-docker.jpg"
caption = "Transparent Execution with Docker"
+++

<h2>Mots-Clés</h2>
Distributed Computing, Containers, COMPSs, Docker, Chamaleon

<h2>Titre Original</h2>
Transparent Execution of Task-Based Parallel Applications in Docker with COMP Superscalar

<h2>Résumé Original</h2>
<p align="justify">
This paper presents a framework to easily build and execute parallel applications in container-based distributed computing platforms in a user transparent way. The proposed framework is a combination of the COMP Superscalar and Docker. We have built a prototype in order to evaluate how it performs by evaluating the overhead in the building, deployment and execution phases. We have observed an important gain compared with cloud environments during the building and deployment phases. In contrast, we have detected an extra overhead during the execution, which is mainly due to the multi-host Docker networking.
</p>